Update learn section of genai_cookbook site to Agents (#33)
databricks/genai-cookbook: genai_cookbook/nbs/2-fundamentals-unstructured-chain.md

## Retrieval, augmentation, and generation (aka RAG Agent)

> Once the data has been processed by the data pipeline, it is suitable for use in the retreival tool. This section describes the process that occurs once the user submits a request to the Agent application in an online setting. The series, or *chain* of steps that are invoked at inference time is commonly referred to as the Agent loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the data has been processed by the data pipeline, it is suitable for use in a retriever tool. This section describes the process that occurs once the user submits a request to the agent application in an online setting.
```

Not sure if "Agent loop" is actually a standard term, does it appear in LC/LG docs etc?

> ```{image} ../images/2-fundamentals-unstructured/3_img.png

Reviewer: Unfortunately this image still says "RAG chain" - @epec254 do you know who made these graphics? Wonder if they can help us make one showing an agentic loop, or if we already have one in Databricks docs

Reviewer: If we can't get an updated image quickly, @prithvikannan I would actually suggest not showing this image for now since it differs from the updated text below, but we should follow up on getting one

> 5. **(Optional) Post-processing:** The LLM's response may be processed further to apply additional business logic, add citations, or otherwise refine the generated text based on predefined rules or constraints.

Reviewer: Hm, we should probably also update the content here - stuff like "The prompt that will be sent to the LLM is formed by augmenting the user’s query with the retrieved context, in a template that instructs the model how to use each component, often with additional instructions to control the response format. The process of iterating on the right prompt template to use is referred to as prompt engineering." is not accurate. Let's see how much content we have to update/how much work that is..

Reviewer: Like the actual steps in an agentic workflow are 1. the agent LLM tries to understand the user's query 2. the agent LLM determines how to respond (whether or not to call a tool) or simply generate a final response, 3. agent logic runs the tool and returns outputs back to the agent LLM, 4. the agent logic queries the agent LLM with the additional context of the tool output, and the agent LLM returns to step 2 etc

> As with the retriever tool data pipeline, there are numerous consequential engineering decisions that can affect the quality of the Agent. For example, determining how many chunks to retrieve in (2) and how to combine them with the user's query in (3) can both significantly impact the model's ability to generate quality responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the retriever data pipeline, there are numerous consequential engineering decisions that can affect the quality of the agent. For example, determining how many chunks to retrieve in (2) and how to combine them with the user's query in (3) can both significantly impact the model's ability to generate quality responses.
```

Lowercase "agent" is better here

Reviewer: (Similar comment elsewhere)
